---
title: CDK 1.11 - Release Notes
linktitle: "1.11.x"
description: Release notes for Containerum Distribution of Kubernetes 1.11

date: 2017-03-23

categories: ["top"]
keywords: []

menu:
  docs:
    parent: "release-notes"
    weight: 3


weight: 4
draft: false
---


# CDK Release Notes - 1.11

- Cluster Autoscaler version updated to 1.3.1. Release notes: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/releases/tag/cluster-autoscaler-1.3.1  
  + Default value for expendable pod priority cutoff in GCP deployment of Cluster Autoscaler changed from 0 to -10.  
  + action required: users deploying workloads with priority lower than 0 may want to use priority lower than -10 to avoid triggering scale-up.  
- Metadata Agent Improvements  
  + Bump metadata agent version to 0.2-0.0.21-1.  
  + Expand the metadata agent's access to all API groups.  
  + Remove metadata agent config maps in favor of command line flags.  
  + Update the metadata agent's liveness probe to a new /healthz handler.  
  + Logging Agent Improvements  
  + Bump logging agent version to 0.2-1.5.33-1-k8s-1.  
  + Appropriately set log severity for k8s_container.  
  + Fix detect exceptions plugin to analyze message field instead of log field.  
  + Fix detect exceptions plugin to analyze streams based on local resource id.  
  + Disable the metadata agent for monitored resource construction in logging.  
  + Disable timestamp adjustment in logs to optimize performance.  
  + Reduce logging agent buffer chunk limit to 512k to optimize performance.  
- Fix a bug on GCE that /etc/crictl.yaml is not generated when crictl is preloaded.  
- Fix validation for HealthzBindAddress in kube-proxy when --healthz-port is set to 0  
- fix acr could not be listed in sp issue  
- Fixed an issue which prevented gcloud from working on GCE when metadata concealment was enabled.  
- Fix for resourcepool-path configuration in the vsphere.conf file.  
- This fix prevents a GCE PD volume from being mounted if the udev device link is stale and tries to correct the link.  
- Fix kubelet startup failure when using ExecPlugin in kubeconfig  
- GCE: Fixes loadbalancer creation and deletion issues appearing in 1.10.5.  
- kubeadm: Pull sidecar and dnsmasq-nanny images when using kube-dns  
- fix smb mount issue  
- Extend TLS timeouts to work around slow arm64 math/big  
- Allow ScaleIO volumes to be provisioned without having to first manually create /dev/disk/by-id path on each kubernetes node (if not already present)  
- kubeadm: stop setting UID in the kubelet ConfigMap  
- fixes a panic when using a mutating webhook admission plugin with a DELETE operation  
- Update crictl to v1.11.1.  
- kubectl: fixes a panic displaying pods with nominatedNodeName set  
- fixes a validation error that could prevent updates to StatefulSet objects containing non-normalized resource requests  
- Tolerate missing watch permission when deleting a resource  
- prevents infinite CLI wait on delete when item is recreated  
- Preserve vmUUID when renewing nodeinfo in vSphere cloud provider  


 Kubernetes EL 1.11.2 has been tested for compatibility with the following runtimes and plugins:

 **Runtime**  
- Docker 1.13.1  
- CRI-O 1.11.2  
- ContainerD 1.1.1  
**Network plugins**  
- Flannel v0.10.0  
- Calico 3.2  
**Ingress controllers**  
- Nginx ingress 0.18.0  
- Haproxy ingress 0.5  
- Traefik v1.6.6  
